Binance Staked ETH | Ethereum (#195)
deficollective/defiscan: src/content/protocols/binance-staked-eth/ethereum.md

> Upgradeability score: High

## Autonomy

As mentioned in the [Terms of services](https://www.binance.com/en/terms-ETH-2-0-staking#:~:text=Binance%20Group%20Entities%20may%2C%20in,their%20sole%20and%20absolute%20discretion), Binance Staked ETH relies on the _Binance Group_ as the sole operator of Ethereum validators. Users' `ETH` is
in total custody of Externally Owned Accounts (EOAs) who handle privately the creation of new validators.

> Autonomy score: High

## Exit Window

All changes and upgrades can be made without delay. There is a delay when users convert `wBETH` back to `ETH` which can be increased arbitrarily and is currently 7 days. Users may be blacklisted or the contracts frozen without delay, preventing any further actions such as transfers or withdrawals.

> Exit Window score: High

## Accessibility

Binance Staked ETH can be accessed using the Binance app on [binance.com](https://binance.com). This app is not open-source and there are no alternatives to interact with the contracts. Interacting directly with the contracts is possible on [etherscan](https://etherscan.io), but this is not documented in the Binance docs.

> Accessibility score: High

## Conclusion

> _Binance's Staked ETH_ achieves _High_ centralization risk scores for its _Upgradeability_, _Autonomy_, _Exit Window_, and _Accessibility_. Furthermore, as described in the _Protocol Analysis_, the user funds are sent out to a centralized custody. For this reason, _Binance's Stake ETH_ does not qualify as a DeFi product.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Binance's Staked ETH_ achieves _High_ centralization risk scores for its _Upgradeability_, _Autonomy_, _Exit Window_, and _Accessibility_. Furthermore, as described in the _Protocol Analysis_, the user funds are sent out to a centralized custody. For this reason, _Binance's Staked ETH_ does not meet the [Stage 0 requirements](/learn-more#defi-stages-framework) and thus does not qualify as a DeFi product according to our framework.
```
